Staging (#1)
Snowfork/BTRUST-Voting-UI: README.md

2. Change `REACT_APP_NETWORK_ID` to `"{YOUR_NETWORK_ID}"`
3. Change `REACT_APP_NETWORK_URL` to e.g. `"https://{YOUR_NETWORK_ID}.infura.io/v3/{YOUR_INFURA_KEY}"` 

> Note that the interface currently only works where BTRUST and BTRUST Governane contracts are deployed on Ropstein networ

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the interface currently only works where BTRUST and BTRUST Governance contracts are deployed on Ropsten network
```
